Random content fixes (#34)
oskariorg/oskari-documentation: 9 Configuration instructions/00150-HowToConfigureProperties.md

    # Supported locales, comma separated and default first
    oskari.locales=en_US,fi_FI,sv_SE

> The properties also setup various url links for search service, GIS metadata, print service, etc that needs to be modified to match the server environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The properties also setup various url links for search service, CSW metadata, etc that needs to be modified to match the server environment.
```

Reviewer: Print has been merged to the monolith and is no longer an additional webapp.
